docs/AMD/2026_02_09_B3_70_71_72_sweep.md, before:

# B3.70-71-72 Unified Sweep Report

**Date:** 2026-02-09  
**Benchmark Suite:** GRETA CORE MI300X Validation

## Objective

This unified benchmark combines three related tests:

| Ticket | Objective | Gate Type |
|--------|-----------|-----------|
| B3.70 | Drift characterization (kv_aligned=0) | No gate (metrics only) |
| B3.71 | Span escalation + cost profiling (32/128/512) | No gate (trending) |
| B3.72 | Cross-dtype sweep (bf16/fp16/fp8) | Gate kv=1 only |

## Configuration

```
Spans: 32, 128, 512
Dtypes: bf16, fp16 (fp8 if supported)
KV_aligned: 0, 1
Seeds: 0, 1, 2
Modes: prefill, decode
```

## Verdicts

| kv_aligned | Verdict Logic |
|------------|---------------|
| 1 | PASS_EQUIV if p99 ≤ 1e-3, max ≤ 5e-3, top1 ≥ 0.999 |
| 0 | Always EXPECTED_DRIFT (no gate) |

## Global Verdict

**STATUS: PENDING MI300X EXECUTION**

## Artifacts

- Runner: `tools/benchmarks/run_b3_70_71_72_sweep.sh`
- Analyzer: `tools/benchmarks/analyze_b3_67_equivalence_guardrail.py --mode b3_70_71_72`
- Output dir: `artifacts_remote/YYYY-MM-DD/b3_70_71_72/`

## Usage

```bash
# Run on MI300X
./tools/benchmarks/run_b3_70_71_72_sweep.sh 129.212.184.200 2026-02-09 \
  --spans "32,128,512" \
  --dtypes "bf16,fp16" \
  --kv_aligned "0,1" \
  --seeds "0,1,2"
```

## Output Files

| File | Content |
|------|---------|
| `summary.json` | Global verdict, verdicts breakdown, results |
| `drift_summary.json` | kv=0 drift aggregates by span/dtype |
| `perf_summary.json` | Wall time, IO bytes by span/dtype/mode |
| `B3_70_71_72_SWEEP_REPORT.md` | Human-readable report |

## Notes

- FP8 dtype may be skipped if not supported by the engine
- Skipped dtypes do not count as failures
- Warnings (WARN_DRIFT_SPIKE, WARN_PERF_REGRESSION) are informational only

Commit message:

B3.70-72: clarify run vs pair counts + document kv_aligned=0 diff=0 observation

docs/AMD/2026_02_09_B3_70_71_72_sweep.md, after:

# B3.70-71-72 Unified Sweep Report

**Date:** 2026-02-09  
**Benchmark Suite:** GRETA CORE MI300X Validation

## Objective

This unified benchmark combines three related tests:

| Ticket | Objective | Gate Type |
|--------|-----------|-----------|
| B3.70 | Drift characterization (kv_aligned=0) | No gate (metrics only) |
| B3.71 | Span escalation + cost profiling (32/128/512) | No gate (trending) |
| B3.72 | Cross-dtype sweep (bf16/fp16/fp8) | Gate kv=1 only |

## Configuration

```
Spans: 32, 128, 512
Dtypes: bf16, fp16 (fp8 if supported)
KV_aligned: 0, 1
Seeds: 0, 1, 2
Modes: prefill, decode
```

## Verdicts

| kv_aligned | Verdict Logic |
|------------|---------------|
| 1 | PASS_EQUIV if p99 ≤ 1e-3, max ≤ 5e-3, top1 ≥ 0.999 |
| 0 | Always EXPECTED_DRIFT (no gate) |

## Global Verdict

**STATUS: PASS** (2026-02-09 MI300X Execution)

- PASS_EQUIV: 18 pairs (kv_aligned=1)
- EXPECTED_DRIFT: 18 pairs (kv_aligned=0)
- FAIL: 0
- SKIPPED: 0

## Counting Semantics: Runs vs Pairs

- A **run** = one execution (prefill OR decode) for a single config
- A **pair** = (prefill, decode) for the same (span, dtype, kv_aligned, seed)
- **Total runs:** 72 | **Total pairs:** 36 (runs / 2)
- Verdict counts are **per pair**, not per run

## Observation: kv_aligned=0 Produced Identical Logits

In this sweep, **kv_aligned=0** produced identical logits (max_abs_diff=0.0, top1=1.0)
for all spans (32/128/512) and dtypes (bf16/fp16).

**Interpretation:**
- Effective prefill/decode routes are numerically equivalent for this model/config
- The kv_aligned flag does not alter observable logits (maintained by contract)

**Note (contrast with B3.66):**
B3.66 reported drift under a different metric/route. This sweep does not invalidate that
finding, but suggests drift does not manifest in logits under this specific configuration.

## Artifacts

- Runner: `tools/benchmarks/run_b3_70_71_72_sweep.sh`
- Analyzer: `tools/benchmarks/analyze_b3_67_equivalence_guardrail.py --mode b3_70_71_72`
- Output dir: `artifacts_remote/YYYY-MM-DD/b3_70_71_72/`

## Usage

```bash
# Run on MI300X
./tools/benchmarks/run_b3_70_71_72_sweep.sh 129.212.184.200 2026-02-09 \
  --spans "32,128,512" \
  --dtypes "bf16,fp16" \
  --kv_aligned "0,1" \
  --seeds "0,1,2"
```

## Output Files

| File | Content |
|------|---------|
| `summary.json` | Global verdict, run/pair counts, kv0 observation, results |
| `drift_summary.json` | kv=0 drift aggregates by span/dtype |
| `perf_summary.json` | Wall time, IO bytes by span/dtype/mode |
| `B3_70_71_72_SWEEP_REPORT.md` | Human-readable report with counting semantics |

## Notes

- FP8 dtype may be skipped if not supported by the engine
- Skipped dtypes do not count as failures
- Warnings (WARN_DRIFT_SPIKE, WARN_PERF_REGRESSION) are informational only
